Add Endpoints into glossary (#20524)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/endpoint.md

---
title: Endpoints
id: endpoints
date: 2020-04-23

> full_link: 

Reviewer: Why is this blank?

Either:
- omit the field and create an issue to create a page that it can link to
- create that page (eg: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/endpoints/) and link to it.

Author: I took reference from other items in the glossary that lacks a full_link. It was left blank instead of being omitted. (e.g App-Container, PodPreset, Service Broker). I created a new issue as suggested #21959.

short_description: >
  Endpoints track the IP addresses of Pods with matching Service selectors.

aka:
tags:
- fundamental
---
 Endpoints track the IP addresses of Pods with matching  {{< glossary_tooltip text="selectors" term_id="selector" >}}.

<!--more-->
Endpoints can be configured manually for {{< glossary_tooltip text="Services" term_id="service" >}} without selectors specified.

> {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndPointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}} provides a scalable and extensible alternative to Endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< glossary_tooltip text="EndpointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}} provides a scalable and extensible alternative to Endpoints.
```
```suggestion
The {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndpointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}} resource provides a scalable and extensible alternative to Endpoints.
```
Two choices on how to fix some wording.

---

> title: Endpoint

Reviewer: This resource is actually called Endpoints (plural!)

id: endpoints
date: 2020-04-23
full_link: 
short_description: >

>   Endpoints tracks the IP Addresses of the objects the service send traffic to.

Reviewer: @nevermyuk, to me this does not read like idiomatic English.

Reviewer 2: It seems like having Too many plural words!

Reviewer 3: Maybe "Endpoints track the IP addresses of the resources targeted by the associated Service."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Endpoints tracks the IP addresses of the objects that a Service sends traffic to.
```

aka:
tags:
- fundamental
---

>  Endpoints tracks the IP Addresses of the objects the service send traffic to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoints tracks the IP addresses of a groups of resources that are are exposed using a Service.
```

> Endpoints tracks the IP addresses of a group of resources that are exposed using a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Service" term_id="service" >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 An Endpoints object tracks the IP addresses of a group of resources that are exposed using a {{< glossary_tooltip text="Service" term_id="service" >}}.

<!--more-->

> Endpoint can be updated automatically through labels and selectors, or you can manually configure your endpoints depending on your use case.

Reviewer: If you want to, you can also make “labels” and “selectors” be glossary tooltips.

> Multiple Endpoints can be grouped together with {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndPointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}}.

Reviewer: nit:
```
Multiple Endpoints can be grouped together with {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndpointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}}. 
```

Author: what do you mean by nit: ? Sorry I am new here!

Reviewer: nit comes from meaning 2 in https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/nitpicking#English

It means that this is a small piece of feedback and it could be OK to overlook it.

> Endpoints can be updated automatically through {{< glossary_tooltip text="labels" term_id="label" >}} and {{< glossary_tooltip text="selectors" term_id="selector" >}}, or you can manually configure your endpoints depending on your use case.

Reviewer 3: Maybe: Endpoints track the IP addresses of Pods matching Service selectors. Endpoints can be configured manually for Services without selectors specified.

> Multiple Endpoints can be grouped together with {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndPointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}}.

Reviewer: This isn't quite right. EndpointSlice resources improve on the Endpoints resource and its API:
- more scalable
- support for multiple address families

EndpointSlice and Endpoints both group together endpoints (the concept not the resource).

Reviewer 3: Yep, the terminology is confusing here. EndpointSlices are a new alternative to Endpoints resources. They both track the endpoints (usually Pods) and their IP addresses associated with a Service. It's likely worth linking to their glossary entry and mentioning that they provide a scalable and extensible alternative to Endpoints.

> Multiple Endpoints can be grouped together with {{< glossary_tooltip text="EndPointSlice" term_id="endpoint-slice" >}}.

Reviewer: This isn't quite right. EndpointSlice resources improve on the Endpoints resource and its API:
- more scalable
- support for multiple address families

EndpointSlice and Endpoints both group together endpoints (the concept not the resource).
